this is the first vlog after joining the depi 
in the first week i had 3 sessions 
first one social skills and the other 2 were technical
in the technical sessions we studied 4 modules 
first module was cybersecurity awarness we learned:
          1.What is security?
          2.Confidentiality, integrity, and availability
          3.Security baselining
          4.Security concerns: humans
          5.Types of threats
          6.Security controls
          7.What is hacking?
          8.Risk management
          9.Data in motion vs. data at rest 
second module was about network dicovery we learned:
          1.Networking review
          2.Discovery, footprinting, and scanning
          3.Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures
          4.Security policies
          5.Vulnerabilities
third module was about system hardening we learned:
          1. What is hardening?
          2. Types of systems that can be hardened
          3. Security baselines
          4. How to harden systems
          5. Hardening systems by role
          6. Mobile device management
          7. Hardening on the network
          8. Authentication, Authorization, and Accounting
          9. Physical security
fourth module was about security architecture we learned :
          1. Security architecture?
          2. Network devices
          3. Designing Network Security
          4. WHAT IS A FIREWALL?
          5. Why Firewall ?
          6. Firewall Types 
          7. Intrusion Detection Systems
          8. Intrusion Prevention Systems
          9. Next Generation Firewall (NGFW)
in those 2 sessions we made 4 reports 
    first one:
    Cybersecurity Awareness Best Practices:
    List and explain at least five best practices for improving cybersecurityawareness.
    These should include practices related to password management,email security, software updates, social engineering, and data privacy.
    second one:
    .Define Systems Hardening:
    1.Provide a definition of systems hardening and explain its importance in maintaining cybersecurity.
    2.Discuss at least three different types of systems that can benefit from hardening (e.g.,servers, workstations, network devices).
    third one:
    . Techniques for Hardening Systems:
      Describe five common systems hardening techniques, including:
       1. Disabling unnecessary services
       2. Implementing least privilege access
       3. Patch management
       4. Configuration baselines
       5. Network segmentation
       for each technique, explain how it contributes to improving system security.
    fourth one:
      .Security Standards and Guidelines:
       Research and summarize security standards and guidelines related to systems hardening(e.g., CIS Benchmarks, NIST guidelines, ISO/IEC 27001).
       Explain how these standards help organizations implement hardening strategies.

then we designed Design a Secure Network Architecture and define the usage of each devise.
These devices are included:
1.Router
2.Switches
3.NIDS
4.Firewall
5. Database servers
6. Policy servers
7. Web server
8. Directory servers
9. HIDS
10. DNS
11. NGFW
12.File servers
13.Authentication services
14. DHCP Directory services
15. Web servers hosting
16.internally used apps

and also 2 labs in tryhackme:
 Introductory Networking 
 Secure Network Architecture:
